Paper 3 
talks about 4 different Job recommendations systems and their approach.
1. CASPER
2. Proactive
3. PROSPECT
4. eRecruiter
The paper also talks about the different categories of Recommendation systems like Content-Based filtering , Collaborative filtering ,Knowledge based filtering, Hybrid Recommendation and reciprocal recommendation.
Then analysis on the four systems mentioned above is done based on 
1. User profiling- User profiling is the first step of building a JRS for
				   enhancing the recommendation experience. As the input
				   of the JRS, the user profile captures the main preferences
				   of users and is usually composed of different components.
2. Recommendcation strategies- The recommendation strategy refers to the choice of
							   recommendation approaches such as content based or collaborative filtering.
3. Recommendation output - This determines which N jobs to highlight for an applicant or 							   outputs of the form "You may also like" and "What others are 							   looking".
4. User feedback - Recording the user feedback for further recommendations.

To overcome Most of the disadvantages, the paper talks about iHR.
In iHR, the users are clustered into three types .
1. Proactive: This group of job applicants has a clearly
defined goal in finding the job and is active to find out
their own preferred jobs by searching or other
methods on the recruiting website.
2. Passive: In this group, the job applicants have no
definite ideas about their preferred job. Therefore,
they usually turn to other job applicants who may
share the same preference for guidance.
3. Moderate: This group of job applicants is between the
“proactive” and “passive”.

Once the users are clustered into these three groups , the different recommendation strategies can be used on different clusters to make the system more accurate.




PAPER 2:
This paper talks about recommendation for campus recruitment where the tsudents are recommended jobs based on thier profile and the company's profile.


The complete procedure of recommendation generation
includes the following phases:
1. Shortlist the jobs recommendation for which the student is
currently eligible for: The fields considered for short
listing are: max, min.
2. Qualification required and min. experience required for
that job.
3.  Calculating the Content Based Similarity: Now calculate
the similarity index for the short listed jobs with to the
candidate. The similarity index is calculated in between the
jobs required skills field and student’s possessed skill’s
fields.
4. Applying the Decision Tree Induction Rules for the
category to which the student belongs: Here, the basic
categorization of jobs is done firstly. After that these
categories are matched according to the preference
matrices of the generated rules and assigned preference
weights accordingly.
5. Generating the final weights: At the end calculate the final
weight score by summing up all the values.
6. Sorting the jobs in descending order: According to the
final score get, sort the jobs in descending order.